mpsum2/README.md, before:

# The Criminal Enterprises (mpsum2 / Build 2699)

Released: 2022/07/26

## Data

This part just contains the information about new things, see **Images** for images to some of the new content (e.g. vehicles & weapons).

### Weapons (3)

The new weapons that have been added by the update.

- `WEAPON_METALDETECTOR` - Metal Detector (Ammo: None)
- `WEAPON_PRECISIONRIFLE` - Precision Rifle (Ammo: `AMMO_SNIPER`)
- `WEAPON_TACTICALRIFLE` - Service Carbine (Ammo: `AMMO_RIFLE`)

### Weapon Components (6)

The new components specific weapons got in this update.

- `WEAPON_PRECISIONRIFLE`:
  - `COMPONENT_PRECISIONRIFLE_CLIP_01`: Default Clip
- `WEAPON_TACTICALRIFLE`:
  - `COMPONENT_TACTICALRIFLE_CLIP_01`: Default Clip
  - `COMPONENT_TACTICALRIFLE_CLIP_02`: Extended Clip
  - `COMPONENT_AT_AR_FLSH_REH`: Flashlight
  - `COMPONENT_AT_AR_SUPP_02`: Suppressor
  - `COMPONENT_AT_AR_AFGRIP`: Grip

### Vehicles (18)

The new vehicles added in this update.

- `BRIOSO3` - Grotti Brioso 300 Widebody
- `CONADA` - Buckingham Conada
- `CORSITA` - Lampadati Corsita
- `DRAUGUR` - Declasse Draugur
- `GREENWOOD` - Bravado Greenwood
- `KANJOSJ` - Dinka Kanjo SJ
- `LM87` - Benefactor LM87
- `OMNISEGT` - Obey Omnis e-GT
- `POSTLUDE` - Dinka Postlude
- `RHINEHART` - Rhinehart
- `RUINER4` - Imponte Ruiner ZZ-8
- `SENTINEL4` - Ubermacht Sentinel Classic Widebody
- `SM722` - Benefactor SM722
- `TENF` - Obey 10F
- `TENF2` - Obey 10F Widebody
- `TORERO2` - Pegassi Torero XO
- `VIGERO2` - Declasse Vigero ZX
- `WEEVIL2` - BF Weevil Custom

### Vehicle Mods

The vehicles that got new mods.

- `buffalo4`
- `champion`
- `feltzer3`
- `granger2`
- `picador`
- `schwarzer`
- `seasparrow2`
- `seasparrow3`
- `sentinel`
- `shinobi`
- `tailgater`
- `turismor`
- `zeno`
- `zentorno`

### Peds (9)

The new peds that have been added in this update.

- `A_F_M_GenBiker_01`
- `A_M_M_GenBiker_01`
- `G_M_M_GenThug_01`
- `IG_Agent_02`
- `IG_Mason_Duggan`
- `IG_WarehouseBoss`
- `S_F_M_Warehouse_01`
- `S_M_M_Warehouse_01`
- `U_M_Y_Juggernaut_02`

### Props

The new props that have been added in this update.

- `prop_reh_accs_01`
  - `reh_p_para_bag_reh_s_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_b_computer_04a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_b_computer_04b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bag_outfit_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bag_para_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bomb_tech_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bomb_tech_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_desk_comp_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_folder_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_folder_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_fuse_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_fuse_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_hatch_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_keycard_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_keypad_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_pack_can_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_para_flat_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_cc_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_fc_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_pr_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_sf_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_vi_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sign_jk_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_supply_caps_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_switch_01a`

- `prop_reh_accs_02`
  - `reh_prop_celebration_lp`
  - `reh_prop_reh_deskflag_us_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_hat_cowboy_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_laptop_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_rebreather_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_servermed_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_serversml_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_shelves_01a`

- `prop_reh_cabin`
  - `reh_prop_reh_cabine_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_jammer_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_platform_b_01a`

- `prop_reh_collectibles`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bag_weed_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_box_metal_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_box_wood01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_digiscanner_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_gadget_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_glasses_smt_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_harddisk_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_lantern_pk_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_lantern_pk_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_lantern_pk_01c`
  - `reh_prop_reh_outline_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_paper_map_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_skeleton_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_barrel_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_mag_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_receiver_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_sights_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_stock_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_tablet_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_tarpcrate_01a`

- `prop_reh_doors`
  - `reh_prop_reh_blinds_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_blinds_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_elev_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_elev_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_gar_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_gar_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_sec_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_slide_l_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_slide_r_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_vault_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_wall_mod_garage`

- `prop_reh_drones`
  - `reh_prop_reh_case_drone_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_drone_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_drone_brk_02a`

- `prop_reh_para`
  - `reh_prop_reh_para_sp_s_01a`

- `weapons`
  - `w_am_digiscanner_reh`
  - `w_am_digiscanner_reh_hi`
  - `w_ar_carbinerifle_reh`
  - `w_ar_carbinerifle_reh_hi`
  - `w_at_ar_flsh_reh`
  - `w_at_ar_flsh_reh_hi`
  - `w_sr_precisionrifle_reh`
  - `w_sr_precisionrifle_reh_hi`
  - `w_sr_w_sr_precisionrifle_reh_mag1`

### Interiors

The new interiors that have been added in this update.

- Farm House (`dlc_int_04_sum2`) - (x: 850.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -50.00000000)
- Warehouse (`dlc_int_03_sum2`) - (x: 800.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -70.00000000)

### Other

Other new additions/changes that do not have their own category.

#### Clip dictionaries

The new animation dictionaries.

- `anim@amb@office@laptops@female@var_a@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@female@var_b@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@female@var_c@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@male@var_a@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@male@var_b@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@male@var_c@base@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@rpg@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@rpg@male@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@sniper@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@sniper@male@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@throwables@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@throwables@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ld_organics@female@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ld_organics@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ld_organics@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@passed_out_vip_backseat_idle@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@throw_up_toilet@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ufo_invasion@ufo_float@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ufo_invasion@ufo_float@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@underwater_satchel_bomb@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@underwater_satchel_bomb@male@`
- `anim@scripted@nightclub@vomit@`
- `anim@scripted@player@fix_astu_ig8_weed_smoke@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@player@fix_astu_ig8_weed_smoke@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@broken_laptop@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@broken_laptop@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@change_clothes@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@change_clothes@female@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@change_clothes@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@computerhack@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@computerhack@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@empty_crate@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@empty_crate@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@fibgreet@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@fuse@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@garageopen@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@garageopen@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@hatch@hatch_enter@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@hatch@hatch_exit@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@iaa_intro@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@iaa_intro@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@iaa_intro@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@injured_agent@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@juggernaut@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@paperwork@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@paperwork@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@driver_back@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@driver_back@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@passenger_back@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@passenger_back@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_wake_up@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_wake_up@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@react_to_smoke@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@react_to_smoke@male@`
- `anim@veh@car@weevil2@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@car@weevil2@ps@enter_exit`
  - `sweep_high`
  - `sweep_med`
  - `sweep_low`
- `anim@veh@drivebylowlm87@@ds_grenade`
- `anim@veh@low@lm87@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@low@lm87@ps@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@low@torero2@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@low@torero2@ps@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@ps@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@rds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@rps@enter_exit`
- `anim@weapons@first_person@aim_idle@p_m_zero@misc@metal_detector@aim_trans@unholster_to_idle`
- `anim@weapons@first_person@aim_lt@generic@sniper_rifle@precision_rifle@core`
- `anim@weapons@first_person@aim_scope@generic@sniper_rifle@precision_rifle@core`

## Images

### Weapons

- Metal Detector (`WEAPON_METALDETECTOR`)
  
  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181178419-cfdddb88-99b6-4fb5-9237-9f7ce9c32d8f.png)

- Precision Rifle (`WEAPON_PRECISIONRIFLE`)

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181178518-4adb58b0-252a-4006-9593-60daaafb5782.png)

- Service Carbine (`WEAPON_TACTICALRIFLE`)

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181178585-f3ed15b0-1bee-4ab9-ba0f-ff12cb696f0b.png)

### Vehicles

- `BRIOSO3` - Grotti Brioso 300 Widebody

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229079-2fe63613-a1d1-418b-b4da-dcfa77ca974d.png)

- `CONADA` - Buckingham Conada

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229212-0c386541-1c24-4ffc-9dd4-bbc9744fc7fb.png)

- `CORSITA` - Lampadati Corsita

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229303-b3fac99c-b6f5-4367-83b6-013000ea5758.png)

- `DRAUGUR` - Declasse Draugur

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229370-1b6b410d-0b66-439d-ae6d-e4bcc71ac97e.png)

- `GREENWOOD` - Bravado Greenwood

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229444-8dc93ab6-bb2a-462b-8b98-65e2bbad3466.png)

- `KANJOSJ` - Dinka Kanjo SJ

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229485-94151706-3f0b-412b-b0a2-db57428e2491.png)

- `LM87` - Benefactor LM87

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229549-4670bf66-8715-4bcb-9d66-3f2d7bc25915.png)

- `OMNISEGT` - Obey Omnis e-GT

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229633-66b1273c-33da-487b-81e8-94540f72ca8f.png)

- `POSTLUDE` - Dinka Postlude

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229717-a416541d-f448-4126-9e6e-0a076b3a55b4.png)

- `RHINEHART` - Rhinehart

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229785-281ca964-61ba-4e35-9715-b1a469b26dd1.png)

- `RUINER4` - Imponte Ruiner ZZ-8

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229862-9b76545c-900b-4101-aa6f-ffcd3ccb6da5.png)

- `SENTINEL4` - Ubermacht Sentinel Classic Widebody

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229933-36fc30bb-d2c3-4385-9828-3791019396c3.png)

- `SM722` - Benefactor SM722

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229983-378d938c-fcaa-447f-a3ab-82a570218687.png)

- `TENF` - Obey 10F

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230058-3fe38e78-c63d-4e6f-b511-7e7b40d7b470.png)

- `TENF2` - Obey 10F Widebody

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230111-1277a431-3b22-4b9e-b06f-d93d8a5e8ae1.png)

- `TORERO2` - Pegassi Torero XO

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230153-01472de8-2f80-4c49-8cc5-a688f0919edf.png)

- `VIGERO2` - Declasse Vigero ZX

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230191-70377398-f807-470d-bad3-2359bc178c51.png)

- `WEEVIL2` - BF Weevil Custom

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230241-83f35c0b-aed7-4220-8009-1fa826d6eb9a.png)


### Interiors

- Farm House (`dlc_int_04_sum2`) - (x: 850.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -50.00000000)

![farmhouse](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181232221-c5c9a586-7827-4c17-8a99-84212a5377a9.PNG)

- Warehouse (`dlc_int_03_sum2`) - (x: 800.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -70.00000000)

![warehouse](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181232254-cf50e9a7-a48c-4e16-9f6a-62997d984b6b.PNG)

Commit message:

add information, fix image indendation

mpsum2/README.md, after:

# The Criminal Enterprises (mpsum2 / Build 2699)

Released: 2022/07/26

_This Information collection contains all the new things I found while browsing the update's game files. It consists of to parts:_
- **Data**: This part contains everything new that I found.
- **Images**: This part contains images of the most important new additions.

## Data

This part just contains the information about new things, see **Images** for images to some of the new content (e.g. vehicles & weapons).

### Weapons (3)

The new weapons that have been added by the update.

- `WEAPON_METALDETECTOR` - Metal Detector (Ammo: None)
- `WEAPON_PRECISIONRIFLE` - Precision Rifle (Ammo: `AMMO_SNIPER`)
- `WEAPON_TACTICALRIFLE` - Service Carbine (Ammo: `AMMO_RIFLE`)

### Weapon Components (6)

The new components specific weapons got in this update.

- `WEAPON_PRECISIONRIFLE`:
  - `COMPONENT_PRECISIONRIFLE_CLIP_01`: Default Clip
- `WEAPON_TACTICALRIFLE`:
  - `COMPONENT_TACTICALRIFLE_CLIP_01`: Default Clip
  - `COMPONENT_TACTICALRIFLE_CLIP_02`: Extended Clip
  - `COMPONENT_AT_AR_FLSH_REH`: Flashlight
  - `COMPONENT_AT_AR_SUPP_02`: Suppressor
  - `COMPONENT_AT_AR_AFGRIP`: Grip

### Vehicles (18)

The new vehicles added in this update.

- `BRIOSO3` - Grotti Brioso 300 Widebody
- `CONADA` - Buckingham Conada
- `CORSITA` - Lampadati Corsita
- `DRAUGUR` - Declasse Draugur
- `GREENWOOD` - Bravado Greenwood
- `KANJOSJ` - Dinka Kanjo SJ
- `LM87` - Benefactor LM87
- `OMNISEGT` - Obey Omnis e-GT
- `POSTLUDE` - Dinka Postlude
- `RHINEHART` - Rhinehart
- `RUINER4` - Imponte Ruiner ZZ-8
- `SENTINEL4` - Ubermacht Sentinel Classic Widebody
- `SM722` - Benefactor SM722
- `TENF` - Obey 10F
- `TENF2` - Obey 10F Widebody
- `TORERO2` - Pegassi Torero XO
- `VIGERO2` - Declasse Vigero ZX
- `WEEVIL2` - BF Weevil Custom

### Vehicle Mods

The vehicles that got new mods.

- `buffalo4`
- `champion`
- `feltzer3`
- `granger2`
- `picador`
- `schwarzer`
- `seasparrow2`
- `seasparrow3`
- `sentinel`
- `shinobi`
- `tailgater`
- `turismor`
- `zeno`
- `zentorno`

### Peds (9)

The new peds that have been added in this update.

- `A_F_M_GenBiker_01`
- `A_M_M_GenBiker_01`
- `G_M_M_GenThug_01`
- `IG_Agent_02`
- `IG_Mason_Duggan`
- `IG_WarehouseBoss`
- `S_F_M_Warehouse_01`
- `S_M_M_Warehouse_01`
- `U_M_Y_Juggernaut_02`

### Props

The new props that have been added in this update.

- `prop_reh_accs_01`
  - `reh_p_para_bag_reh_s_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_b_computer_04a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_b_computer_04b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bag_outfit_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bag_para_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bomb_tech_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bomb_tech_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_desk_comp_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_folder_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_folder_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_fuse_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_fuse_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_hatch_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_keycard_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_keypad_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_pack_can_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_para_flat_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_cc_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_fc_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_pr_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_sf_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_plague_vi_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sign_jk_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_supply_caps_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_switch_01a`

- `prop_reh_accs_02`
  - `reh_prop_celebration_lp`
  - `reh_prop_reh_deskflag_us_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_hat_cowboy_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_laptop_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_rebreather_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_servermed_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_serversml_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_shelves_01a`

- `prop_reh_cabin`
  - `reh_prop_reh_cabine_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_jammer_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_platform_b_01a`

- `prop_reh_collectibles`
  - `reh_prop_reh_bag_weed_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_box_metal_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_box_wood01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_digiscanner_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_gadget_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_glasses_smt_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_harddisk_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_lantern_pk_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_lantern_pk_01b`
  - `reh_prop_reh_lantern_pk_01c`
  - `reh_prop_reh_outline_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_paper_map_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_skeleton_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_barrel_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_mag_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_receiver_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_sights_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_sp_stock_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_tablet_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_tarpcrate_01a`

- `prop_reh_doors`
  - `reh_prop_reh_blinds_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_blinds_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_elev_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_elev_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_gar_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_gar_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_sec_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_slide_l_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_slide_r_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_door_vault_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_wall_mod_garage`

- `prop_reh_drones`
  - `reh_prop_reh_case_drone_01a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_drone_02a`
  - `reh_prop_reh_drone_brk_02a`

- `prop_reh_para`
  - `reh_prop_reh_para_sp_s_01a`

- `weapons`
  - `w_am_digiscanner_reh`
  - `w_am_digiscanner_reh_hi`
  - `w_ar_carbinerifle_reh`
  - `w_ar_carbinerifle_reh_hi`
  - `w_at_ar_flsh_reh`
  - `w_at_ar_flsh_reh_hi`
  - `w_sr_precisionrifle_reh`
  - `w_sr_precisionrifle_reh_hi`
  - `w_sr_w_sr_precisionrifle_reh_mag1`

### Interiors

The new interiors that have been added in this update.

- Farm House (`dlc_int_04_sum2`) - (x: 850.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -50.00000000)
- Warehouse (`dlc_int_03_sum2`) - (x: 800.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -70.00000000)

### Other

Other new additions/changes that do not have their own category.

#### Clip dictionaries

The new animation dictionaries.

- `anim@amb@office@laptops@female@var_a@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@female@var_b@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@female@var_c@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@male@var_a@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@male@var_b@base@`
- `anim@amb@office@laptops@male@var_c@base@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@rpg@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@rpg@male@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@sniper@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@sniper@male@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@throwables@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@deathmatch@throwables@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ld_organics@female@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ld_organics@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ld_organics@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@passed_out_vip_backseat_idle@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@throw_up_toilet@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ufo_invasion@ufo_float@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@ufo_invasion@ufo_float@male@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@underwater_satchel_bomb@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@freemode@underwater_satchel_bomb@male@`
- `anim@scripted@nightclub@vomit@`
- `anim@scripted@player@fix_astu_ig8_weed_smoke@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@player@fix_astu_ig8_weed_smoke@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@broken_laptop@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@broken_laptop@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@change_clothes@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@change_clothes@female@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@change_clothes@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@computerhack@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@computerhack@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@empty_crate@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@empty_crate@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@fibgreet@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@fuse@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@garageopen@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@garageopen@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@hatch@hatch_enter@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@hatch@hatch_exit@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@iaa_intro@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@iaa_intro@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@iaa_intro@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@injured_agent@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@juggernaut@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@paperwork@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@paperwork@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@driver_back@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@driver_back@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@passenger_back@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_hacking@passenger_back@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_wake_up@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@players_wake_up@male@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@react_to_smoke@heeled@`
- `anim@scripted@ulp_missions@react_to_smoke@male@`
- `anim@veh@car@weevil2@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@car@weevil2@ps@enter_exit`
  - `sweep_high`
  - `sweep_med`
  - `sweep_low`
- `anim@veh@drivebylowlm87@@ds_grenade`
- `anim@veh@low@lm87@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@low@lm87@ps@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@low@torero2@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@low@torero2@ps@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@ds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@ps@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@rds@enter_exit`
- `anim@veh@std@draugur@rps@enter_exit`
- `anim@weapons@first_person@aim_idle@p_m_zero@misc@metal_detector@aim_trans@unholster_to_idle`
- `anim@weapons@first_person@aim_lt@generic@sniper_rifle@precision_rifle@core`
- `anim@weapons@first_person@aim_scope@generic@sniper_rifle@precision_rifle@core`

## Images

### Weapons

- Metal Detector (`WEAPON_METALDETECTOR`)
  
  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181178419-cfdddb88-99b6-4fb5-9237-9f7ce9c32d8f.png)

- Precision Rifle (`WEAPON_PRECISIONRIFLE`)

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181178518-4adb58b0-252a-4006-9593-60daaafb5782.png)

- Service Carbine (`WEAPON_TACTICALRIFLE`)

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181178585-f3ed15b0-1bee-4ab9-ba0f-ff12cb696f0b.png)

### Vehicles

- `BRIOSO3` - Grotti Brioso 300 Widebody

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229079-2fe63613-a1d1-418b-b4da-dcfa77ca974d.png)

- `CONADA` - Buckingham Conada

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229212-0c386541-1c24-4ffc-9dd4-bbc9744fc7fb.png)

- `CORSITA` - Lampadati Corsita

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229303-b3fac99c-b6f5-4367-83b6-013000ea5758.png)

- `DRAUGUR` - Declasse Draugur

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229370-1b6b410d-0b66-439d-ae6d-e4bcc71ac97e.png)

- `GREENWOOD` - Bravado Greenwood

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229444-8dc93ab6-bb2a-462b-8b98-65e2bbad3466.png)

- `KANJOSJ` - Dinka Kanjo SJ

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229485-94151706-3f0b-412b-b0a2-db57428e2491.png)

- `LM87` - Benefactor LM87

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229549-4670bf66-8715-4bcb-9d66-3f2d7bc25915.png)

- `OMNISEGT` - Obey Omnis e-GT

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229633-66b1273c-33da-487b-81e8-94540f72ca8f.png)

- `POSTLUDE` - Dinka Postlude

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229717-a416541d-f448-4126-9e6e-0a076b3a55b4.png)

- `RHINEHART` - Rhinehart

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229785-281ca964-61ba-4e35-9715-b1a469b26dd1.png)

- `RUINER4` - Imponte Ruiner ZZ-8

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229862-9b76545c-900b-4101-aa6f-ffcd3ccb6da5.png)

- `SENTINEL4` - Ubermacht Sentinel Classic Widebody

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229933-36fc30bb-d2c3-4385-9828-3791019396c3.png)

- `SM722` - Benefactor SM722

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181229983-378d938c-fcaa-447f-a3ab-82a570218687.png)

- `TENF` - Obey 10F

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230058-3fe38e78-c63d-4e6f-b511-7e7b40d7b470.png)

- `TENF2` - Obey 10F Widebody

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230111-1277a431-3b22-4b9e-b06f-d93d8a5e8ae1.png)

- `TORERO2` - Pegassi Torero XO

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230153-01472de8-2f80-4c49-8cc5-a688f0919edf.png)

- `VIGERO2` - Declasse Vigero ZX

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230191-70377398-f807-470d-bad3-2359bc178c51.png)

- `WEEVIL2` - BF Weevil Custom

  ![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181230241-83f35c0b-aed7-4220-8009-1fa826d6eb9a.png)


### Interiors

- Farm House (`dlc_int_04_sum2`) - (x: 850.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -50.00000000)

  ![farmhouse](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181232221-c5c9a586-7827-4c17-8a99-84212a5377a9.PNG)

- Warehouse (`dlc_int_03_sum2`) - (x: 800.00000000 y: -3000.00000000 z: -70.00000000)

  ![warehouse](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59053718/181232254-cf50e9a7-a48c-4e16-9f6a-62997d984b6b.PNG)
